README.md, before:

# Lab 07

**Author**: Phong Doan and Gable Shane
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
Use latitude and longitude data from the Google Geocoding API to request localized information from the DarkSky weather API and the Event API.

Cache-ing the data returned from the Geocoding API so that your server does not have to constantly re-fetch data that does not change.
## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
npm install
nodemon

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
JS
NPM
NODE
JQUERY


## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->

Commit message:

Darksy API to populate given the input from form

README.md, after:

# Lab 07

**Author**: Phong Doan and Gable Shane
**Version**: 2.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
Use latitude and longitude data from the Google Geocoding API to request localized information from the DarkSky weather API and the Event API.

Cache-ing the data returned from the Geocoding API so that your server does not have to constantly re-fetch data that does not change.
## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
npm install
nodemon

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
JS
NPM
NODE
JQUERY
MAPS
GEOCODING API
SUPERAGENT


## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
Used GEOCODING API to populate picture of the location that is being submitted by the front-end form.
## Credits and Collaborations
Phong And Shane
